doc(prismic): added dispatcher query to routable types (#222)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/prismic/routable-types.md

+};
```

Note we added a path field resolver that appends the shop's baseUrl to the `url` field of our custom Prismic type.

## Add GraphQL type to the dispatcher query

> Override `DispatcherQuery` if you havent already done so. You can find it under `src/web/theme/modules/Router/DispatcherQuery.gql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Override `DispatcherQuery` if you haven't already done so. You can find it under `src/web/theme/modules/Router/DispatcherQuery.gql`.
```

> Add a segment to `DispatcherQuery` that represents your newly created GraphQL type as noted below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add an [inline fragment](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/#inline-fragments) to the `DispatcherQuery` for your newly created GraphQL type:
```

```diff

> ...

Reviewer: would be nice to add the new required imports

query MatchUrls($url: String!, $params: QueryInput) {
  route(url: $url) {
    path
    __typename
    ... on RedirectEntity {
      redirectTo
      redirectType
    }
    ... on Product {
      ...ProductFragment
      ...ProductCacheControlFragment
    }
    ... on Category {
      ...CategoryFragment
      ...CategoryCacheControlFragment
    }
    ... on CmsPage {
      ...CmsPageFragment
      ...CmsPageCacheControlFragment
    }
+    ... on Album {
+      ...AlbumFragment

> +      ...AlbumCacheControlFragment # optional check note below for link

Reviewer: I think the content of those fragment needs to be details (especially the
AlbumFragment)

Author: the `AlbumFragment` sure but the `AlbumCacheControlFragment` i have a link to the documentation which should be enough

+    }
  }
}
```

> Note: for more related to setting up cache control check [the cache control and cdn documentation](/docs/advanced/performance/cache-control-and-cdn)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: for more related to setting up cache control check [the cache control and CDN documentation](/docs/advanced/performance/cache-control-and-cdn)
```
